docs: Build and release (#1395)
iotaledger/firefly: packages/desktop/README.md

# Firefly - Desktop

This is the directory for the desktop application of Firefly - IOTA's new official wallet.

## Setup

The following __must__ be installed on all platforms:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 12+ (NOTE: There may be issues with Node.js 15 on Windows)

> - [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) (NOTE: `npm` is required for Windows setup)

Author: Yup 😅

- `clang` (on some older distros, you may need to [add LLVM APT repos](https://apt.llvm.org/))
- `libsecret` (Debian/Ubuntu: `libsecret-1-dev`, Red Hat: `libsecret-devel`, Arch Linux: `libsecret`)
- `libssl` (Debian/Ubuntu: `libssl-dev`, Red Hat: `openssl-devel`, Arch Linux: `openssl`)
- `libusb` (Debian/Ubuntu: `libusb-1.0-0-dev`)
- `libudev` (Debian/Ubuntu: `libudev-dev`)
- `gnome-keyring`, `keepassxc`, or another secrets manager that implements the [freedesktop.org Secrets API](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Specifications/secret-storage-spec/)

## Building

Install yarn dependencies:
```bash
## in the root directory
yarn

## in packages/backend/bindings/node
yarn
```

Build desktop app:
```bash
## in packages/desktop
yarn build
```

### Development

```bash
# in packages/desktop
yarn start
```

### Production 

```bash
# in packages/desktop
yarn compile:<platform>
```

Change `<platform>` as necessary (`win`, `mac`, and `linux`). 

> MacOS users __must__ `return true` in the notarization script in `packages/desktop/notarization`.

Reviewer: To make it a bit easier (#1414):

```suggestion
MacOS users __must__ set an environment variable in order to skip notarization (`MACOS_SKIP_NOTARIZATION=true`).
```
